docs(readme): add config for pytest.ini (#13)
microsoft/playwright-pytest: README.md

pytest --browser chromium --browser webkit
```

> N.B.: If you use an editor like VBCode, you can use the [pytest.ini](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference.html#ini-options-ref) file for passing additional command line parameters. You can create it in the project's pytest sub-folder:

Reviewer: Isn't it editor unrelated?

```suggestion
If you want to add the CLI arguments automatically without specifying them, you can use the [pytest.ini](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference.html#ini-options-ref) file:
```
